---
layout: post
title:  "Swimming workout #1"
date:   2018-01-01 15:36:27
permalink: /writing/2017/12/swimming0/
categories: [fitness]
author: "Rajat Bhatnagar"
comments: true
---

**Weather**: Cold
{% include image.html url="/images/blogWeather_2018-01-01.png"
caption="Weather on 1st Jan 2018" width=200 align="right" %}

My first day of the year generally starts with fun activities like watching a movie or going to an exotic location where I just relax and eat delicious food along with exotic drinks.

However this year (2018), I kicked off the first day of the new year by starting swimming.

**Location**: [Southdale YMCA Pool](https://www.ymcamn.org/locations/southdale_ymca)
**Duration**: 50 Minutes
{% include image.html url="/images/SwimRajat_2018-01-01.png"
caption="Getting Ready for a Swim" width=150 align="right" %}

Workout Regime :
-------------
**Workout Time**: 50 Minutes, No Break

Today was my first day at the pool. Pool was nice yet crowded, Multiple people were sharing a swimlane and i got in a swimlane with two people in it. I started by doing some rounds of bubbling. Water temperature was mild and once my body got used to it i did a couple of rounds of backstroke.

However I had to keep my neck slightly up, just to see if someone was not coming the opposite way. Luckily I did not bump into anyone. This resulted in a bad sprain in my neck and finally had to eat an Advil to soothe the pain along with an ointment.

I need to probably re-schedule the time of swimming, Evening will make probably more sense but i will plan that on some other day.

Goodnight and i welcome you 2018 with open arms.

----------


































































































































































































































